#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via streamlit
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via streamlit
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.179.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.2
    # via google-api-core
httplib2==0.30.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
huggingface-hub==0.34.4
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via requests
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
joblib==1.5.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
narwhals==2.2.0
    # via altair
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
pandas==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   streamlit
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.5
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   streamlit
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via google-generativeai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via httplib2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2025.9.1
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
safetensors==0.6.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.16.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
streamlit==1.49.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via streamlit
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.22.0
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
torch==2.8.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tornado==6.5.2
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.56.0
    # via sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via streamlit